Fix up PYTHONPATH to work as described in the docs (#813)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/07-testing/README.md

    return ();
}
```

> ### Custom python modules in hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Importing Python modules in hints
```

You might want to use some non-standard python code in your hint segments to i.e. verify a signature using an external library.

> In order to do that, you should use `PYTHONPATH` env variable (https://docs.python.org/3/using/cmdline.html#envvar-PYTHONPATH), and protostar will consume it to extend `sys.path` accordingly.
> This approach will make it possible to include some packages from your virtual environment (by adding `site_packages` to your `PYTHONPATH`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PYTHONPATH` environment variable (https://docs.python.org/3/using/cmdline.html#envvar-PYTHONPATH) is fully supported, and Protostar will extend `sys.path` with this variable's value in executed Cairo code.
This approach can be used to include some packages from Python virtual environment (by adding `site_packages` to the `PYTHONPATH`).
```

> Another approach is leveraging that project's `cairo-path` is added to `sys.path`, so you can put your python code alongside your cairo files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cairo-path` is automatically to `sys.path` in executed hints. This includes project root, `src` and `lib` directories. Any Python module files stored there can be imported without any extra configuration.
```

> Another approach is leveraging that project's `cairo-path` is added to `sys.path`, so you can put your python code alongside your cairo files.

Reviewer: I think I would prefer using cairo path over python path, so I would move this paragraph up.

Author: Done

For example, having the standard project file structure:

```
.
├── lib
├── protostar.toml
├── src
│   └── main.cairo
└── tests
    ├── pymodule.py
    └── test_main.cairo
```

In `pymodule.py`:

```python
def get_three():
    return 3
```

> In `test_main.cairo` you should be able to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `get_three` function can be used in `test_main.cairo` like this:
```

```cairo
%lang starknet
from src.main import balance, increase_balance
from starkware.cairo.common.cairo_builtins import HashBuiltin

@view

> func test_getting_tree(){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
func test_getting_tree() {
```
